 P a g e | 18
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince – J.K. Rowling
 There were streaks of gray in his mane of tawny hair and his bushy
 eyebrows; he had keen yellowish eyes
 behind a pair of wire-rimmed spectacles and a certain
 rangy, loping grace even though he walked with a
 slight limp. There was an immediate impression of
 shrewdness and toughness; the Prime Minister
 thought he understood why the Wizarding community
 preferred Scrimgeour to Fudge as a leader in these
 dangerous times.
 “How do you do?” said the Prime Minister politely,
 holding out his hand.
 Scrimgeour grasped it briefly, his eyes scanning the
 room, then pulled out a wand from under his robes.
“Fudge told you everything?” he asked, striding over
 to the door and tapping the keyhole with his wand.
 The Prime Minister heard the lock click.
 “Er — yes,” said the Prime Minister. “And if you don’t
 mind, I’d rather that door remained unlocked.”
 “I’d rather not be interrupted,” said Scrimgeour
 shortly, “or watched,” he added, pointing his wand at
 the windows, so that the curtains swept across them.
 “Right, well, I’m a busy man, so let’s get down to
 business. First of all, we need to discuss your
 security.”
 The Prime Minister drew himself up to his fullest
 height and replied, “I am perfectly happy with the
 security I’ve already got, thank you very —”
 “Well, we’re not,” Scrimgeour cut in. “It’ll be a poor
 lookout for the Muggles if their Prime Minister gets
 put under the Imperius Curse. The new secretary in
 your outer office —”
 P a g e | 19
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince – J.K. Rowling
“I’m not getting rid of Kingsley Shacklebolt, if that’s what you’re
 suggesting!” said the Prime Minister
 hotly. “He’s highly efficient, gets through twice the
 work the rest of them —”
 “That’s because he’s a wizard,” said Scrimgeour,
 without a flicker of a smile. “A highly trained Auror,
 who has been assigned to you for your protection.”
 “Now, wait a moment!” declared the Prime Minister.
 “You can’t just put your people into my office, I decide
 who works for me —”
 “I thought you were happy with Shacklebolt?” said
 Scrimgeour coldly.
 “I am — that’s to say, I was —”
 “Then there’s no problem, is there?” said Scrimgeour.
 “I … well, as long as Shacklebolt’s work continues to
 be … er … excellent,” said the Prime Minister lamely,
 but Scrimgeour barely seemed to hear him.
 “Now, about Herbert Chorley, your Junior Minister,”
 he continued. “The one who has been entertaining the
 public by impersonating a duck.”
 “What about him?” asked the Prime Minister.
“He has clearly reacted to a poorly performed
 Imperius Curse,” said Scrimgeour. “It’s addled his
 brains, but he could still be dangerous.”
 “He’s only quacking!” said the Prime Minister weakly.
 “Surely a bit of a rest … Maybe go easy on the drink
 …”
 P a g e | 20
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince – J.K. Rowling
 “A team of Healers from St. Mungo’s Hospital for
 Magical Maladies and Injuries are examining him as
 we speak. So far he has attempted to strangle three of
 them,” said Scrimgeour. “I think it best that we
 remove him from Muggle society for a while.”
 “I … well … He’ll be all right, won’t he?” said the
 Prime Minister anxiously.
 Scrimgeour merely shrugged, already moving back
 toward the fireplace.
 “Well, that’s really all I had to say. I will keep you
 posted of developments, Prime Minister — or, at least,
 I shall probably be too busy to come personally, in
which case I shall send Fudge here. He has consented
 to stay on in an advisory capacity.”
 Fudge attempted to smile, but was unsuccessful; he
 merely looked as though he had a toothache.
 Scrimgeour was already rummaging in his pocket for
 the mysterious powder that turned the fire green. The
 Prime Minister gazed hopelessly at the pair of them
 for a moment, then the words he had fought to
 suppress all evening burst from him at last.
 “But for heaven’s sake — you’re wizards! You can do
 magic! Surely you can sort out — well — anything!”
 Scrimgeour turned slowly on the spot and exchanged
 an incredulous look with Fudge, who really did
 manage a smile this time as he said kindly, “The
 trouble is, the other side can do magic too, Prime
 Minister.”
 And with that, the two wizards stepped one after the
 other into the bright green fire and vanished.
 P a g e | 21
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince – J.K. Rowling
SPINNER’S END
 Many miles away the chilly mist that had pressed
 against the Prime Minister’s windows drifted over a
 dirty river that wound between overgrown, rubbish
strewn banks. An immense chimney, relic of a
 disused mill, reared up, shadowy and ominous. There
 was no sound apart from the whisper of the black
 water and no sign of life apart from a scrawny fox that
 had slunk down the bank to nose hopefully at some
 old fish-and-chip wrappings in the tall grass.
 But then, with a very faint pop, a slim, hooded figure
 appeared out of thin air on the edge of the river. The
 fox froze, wary eyes fixed upon this strange new
 phenomenon. The figure seemed to take its bearings
for a few moments, then set off with light, quick
 strides, its long cloak rustling over the grass.
 With a second and louder pop, another hooded figure
 materialized.
 “Wait!”
 P a g e | 22
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince – J.K. Rowling
 The harsh cry startled the fox, now crouching almost flat in the
 undergrowth. It leapt from its hiding place
 and up the bank. There was a flash of green light, a
 yelp, and the fox fell back to the ground, dead.
 The second figure turned over the animal with its toe.
 “Just a fox,” said a woman’s voice dismissively from
 under the hood. “I thought perhaps an Auror —
 Cissy, wait!”
 But her quarry, who had paused and looked back at
 the flash of light, was already scrambling up the bank
 the fox had just fallen down.
 “Cissy — Narcissa — listen to me —”
 The second woman caught the first and seized her
 arm, but the other wrenched it away.
“Go back, Bella!”
 “You must listen to me!”
 “I’ve listened already. I’ve made my decision. Leave me
 alone!”
 The woman named Narcissa gained the top of the
 bank, where a line of old railings separated the river
 from a narrow, cobbled street. The other woman,
 Bella, followed at once. Side by side they stood
 looking across the road at the rows and rows of
 dilapidated brick houses, their windows dull and
 blind in the darkness.
 “He lives here?” asked Bella in a voice of contempt.
 “Here? In this Muggle dunghill? We must be the first
 of our kind ever to set foot —”
 P a g e | 23
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince – J.K. Rowling
 But Narcissa was not listening; she had slipped
 through a gap in the rusty railings and was already
 hurrying across the road.
 “Cissy, wait!”
Bella followed, her cloak streaming behind, and saw
 Narcissa darting through an alley between the houses
 into a second, almost identical street. Some of the
 streetlamps were broken; the two women were
 running between patches of light and deep darkness.
 The pursuer caught up with her prey just as she
 turned another corner, this time succeeding in
 catching hold of her arm and swinging her around so
 that they faced each other.
 “Cissy, you must not do this, you can’t trust him —”
 “The Dark Lord trusts him, doesn’t he?”
 “The Dark Lord is … I believe … mistaken,” Bella
 panted, and her eyes gleamed momentarily under her
 hood as she looked around to check that they were
 indeed alone. “In any case, we were told not to speak
 of the plan to anyone. This is a betrayal of the Dark
 Lord’s —”
 “Let go, Bella!” snarled Narcissa, and she drew a
 wand from beneath her cloak, holding it threateningly
 in the other’s face. Bella merely laughed.
“Cissy, your own sister? You wouldn’t —”
 “There is nothing I wouldn’t do anymore!” Narcissa
 breathed, a note of hysteria in her voice, and as she
 brought down the wand like a knife, there was
 another flash of light. Bella let go of her sister’s arm
 as though burned.
 P a g e | 24
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince – J.K. Rowling
 “Narcissa!”
 But Narcissa had rushed ahead. Rubbing her hand,
 her pursuer followed again, keeping her distance now,
 as they moved deeper into the deserted labyrinth of
 brick houses. At last, Narcissa hurried up a street
 named Spinner’s End, over which the towering mill
 chimney seemed to hover like a giant admonitory
 finger. Her footsteps echoed on the cobbles as she
 passed boarded and broken windows, until she
 reached the very last house, where a dim light
 glimmered through the curtains in a downstairs
 room.
She had knocked on the door before Bella, cursing
 under her breath, had caught up. Together they stood
 waiting, panting slightly, breathing in the smell of the
 dirty river that was carried to them on the night
 breeze. After a few seconds, they heard movement
 behind the door and it opened a crack. A sliver of a
 man could be seen looking out at them, a man with
 long black hair parted in curtains around a sallow
 face and black eyes.
 Narcissa threw back her hood. She was so pale that
 she seemed to shine in the darkness; the long blonde
 hair streaming down her back gave her the look of a
 drowned person.
 “Narcissa!” said the man, opening the door a little
 wider, so that the light fell upon her and her sister
 too. “What a pleasant surprise!”
 “Severus,” she said in a strained whisper. “May I
 speak to you? It’s urgent.”
 “But of course.”
 P a g e | 25
Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince – J.K. Rowling
 He stood back to allow her to pass him into the
 house. Her still-hooded sister followed without
 invitation.
 “Snape,” she said curtly as she passed him.
 “Bellatrix,” he replied, his thin mouth curling into a
 slightly mocking smile as he closed the door with a
 snap behind them.
 They had stepped directly into a tiny sitting room,
 which had the feeling of a dark, padded cell. The walls
 were completely covered in books, most of them
 bound in old black or brown leather; a threadbare
 sofa, an old armchair, and a rickety table stood
 grouped together in a pool of dim light cast by a
 candle-filled lamp hung from the ceiling. The place
 had an air of neglect, as though it was not usually
 inhabited.
 Snape gestured Narcissa to the sofa. She threw off
 her cloak, cast it aside, and sat down, staring at her
 white and trembling hands clasped in her lap.
Bellatrix lowered her hood more slowly. Dark as her
 sister was fair, with heavily lidded eyes and a strong
 jaw, she did not take her gaze from Snape as she
 moved to stand behind Narcissa.
 “So, what can I do for you?” Snape asked, settling
 himself in the armchair opposite the two sisters.
 “We … we are alone, aren’t we?” Narcissa asked
 quietly.
 “Yes, of course. Well, Wormtail’s here, but we’re not
 counting vermin, are we?”
 He pointed his wand at the wall of books behind him
 and with a bang, a hidden door flew open, revealing a
 P a g e | 26
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince – J.K. Rowling
 narrow staircase upon which a small man stood
 frozen.
 “As you have clearly realized, Wormtail, we have
 guests,” said Snape lazily.
 The man crept, hunchbacked, down the last few steps
 and moved into the room. He had small, watery eyes,
a pointed nose, and wore an unpleasant simper. His
 left hand was caressing his right, which looked as
 though it was encased in a bright silver glove.
 “Narcissa!” he said, in a squeaky voice. “And Bellatrix!
 How charming —”
 “Wormtail will get us drinks, if you’d like them,” said
 Snape. “And then he will return to his bedroom.”
 Wormtail winced as though Snape had thrown
 something at him.
 “I am not your servant!” he squeaked, avoiding
 Snape’s eye.
 “Really? I was under the impression that the Dark
 Lord placed you here to assist me.”
 “To assist, yes — but not to make you drinks and —
 and clean your house!”
 “I had no idea, Wormtail, that you were craving more
 dangerous assignments,” said Snape silkily. “This can
 be easily arranged: I shall speak to the Dark Lord —”
 “I can speak to him myself if I want to!”
 “Of course you can,” said Snape, sneering. “But in the
meantime, bring us drinks. Some of the elf-made wine
 will do.”
 P a g e | 27
 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince – J.K. Rowling
 Wormtail hesitated for a moment, looking as though
 he might argue, but then turned and headed through
 a second hidden door. They heard banging and a
 clinking of glasses. Within seconds he was back,
 bearing a dusty bottle and three glasses upon a tray.
 He dropped these on the rickety table and scurried
 from their presence, slamming the book-covered door
 behind him.
 Snape poured out three glasses of bloodred wine and
 handed two of them to the sisters. Narcissa
 murmured a word of thanks, whilst Bellatrix said
 nothing, but continued to glower at Snape. This did
 not seem to discompose him; on the contrary, he
 looked rather amused.
 “The Dark Lord,” he said, raising his glass and
 draining it.
The sisters copied him. Snape refilled their glasses.
 As Narcissa took her second drink she said in a rush,
 “Severus, I’m sorry to come here like this, but I had to
 see you. I think you are the only one who can help me
 —”
 Snape held up a hand to stop her, then pointed his
 wand again at the concealed staircase door. There
 was a loud bang and a squeal, followed by the sound
 of Wormtail scurrying back up the stairs.
 “My apologies,” said Snape. “He has lately taken to
 listening at doors, I don’t know what he means by it.
 … You were saying, Narcissa?”
 She took a great, shuddering breath and started
 again.
 “Severus, I know I ought not to be here, I have been
 told to say nothing to anyone, but —”